# CS-340
## How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
In this class I made a python module that allowed the user to do the four essential operations for creating and managing a database. Those operations were create, read, update, and delete. Once we have the basics working we are able to use them to create our database and from there we can maintain it and adapt it to help us solve specific problems. In this case we used our CRUD module to read out specific information from the database to achieve our goal of helping Grazioso Salvare find dogs to train for search-and-rescue training out of a database of shelter animals from the Austin, Texas area.
## How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
My main approach to a problem is generally to look over documentation and any other given files and then from there ask questions if I still have them. I think I had a similar approach to the requests from Grazioso Salvare but I would watch the announcement video before looking at the documentation and then usually just watch it again if I had questions after looking at the resources. 
## What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
I think that overall computer scientists are problem solvers which is important to all industries. Our work on a project like this to help Grazioso Salvare demonstrates our problem solving as it helps them speed up their work. By using our dashboard Grazioso Salvare can search through the data from the nearby animal shelters and get results much faster than looking through it by hand. This means they can spend less time searching for dogs and more time training them to rescue people.
